README.md, before:

# 🏛️ Gladiatorerna  

Follow our journey as we bring the ancient arena back to life — this project is part of a programming course, but also a battle for glory. ⚔️  

---

## 🧠 What Is This About?  

In this project, we’ve been tasked with recreating the once-popular gladiator games of ancient [**Rome**](https://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rome).  
Armed only with **Python**, a computer, and an **IDE**, we’re building a **text-based gladiator game** — simple in form, but rich in challenge and spirit.  

---

## 🎮 What It Has to Offer  

- **`Characters`** — Play as different fighters, each with unique traits and fighting styles.  
- **`Difficulties`** — Choose between *Easy*, *Normal*, or *Hard*. Feel the thrill — or fight for survival.  
- **`Touch of Nature`** — Face wild beasts such as lions, bears, or barbarians! The system is easily extendable for new foes.   
- **`Be the Strongest`** — Earn gold and buy new weapons and armor. Nothing is overpowered — just a bit of luck and skill.  
We removed `Political`. You might have noticed that this game is more about fighting than it is about pleasing a emperor.

---

## ⚙️ Tech Info  

- **Language:** Python 🐍  
- **Type:** Text-based adventure / combat game  
- **Development Status:** Early prototype (course project)  

---

## 🏗️ Current Focus  

We’re currently working on **in-game content** and fine-tuning other existing gameplay features for version **1.0**.  
You can check our progress in the [Upcoming Updates issue](https://github.com/neoostlundzetterberg-svg/Gladiatorerna/issues/1).

---

## 💬 Feedback  

This is a learning project, so any feedback, suggestions, or comments are welcome!  

---

> *Ave, developer! Step into the arena and code your way to victory.*

Commit message:

Added new wiki to the readme.

README.md, after:

# 🏛️ Gladiatorerna  

Follow our journey as we bring the ancient arena back to life — this project is part of a programming course, but also a battle for glory. ⚔️  

---

## 🧠 What Is This About?  

In this project, we’ve been tasked with recreating the once-popular gladiator games of ancient [**Rome**](https://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rome).  
Armed only with **Python**, a computer, and an **IDE**, we’re building a **text-based gladiator game** — simple in form, but rich in challenge and spirit.  

Attune to new updates and see our wiki: [Gitub Wiki page](https://github.com/neoostlundzetterberg-svg/Gladiatorerna/wiki)

---

## 🎮 What It Has to Offer  

- **`Characters`** — Play as different fighters, each with unique traits and fighting styles.  
- **`Difficulties`** — Choose between *Easy*, *Normal*, or *Hard*. Feel the thrill — or fight for survival.  
- **`Touch of Nature`** — Face wild beasts such as lions, bears, or barbarians! The system is easily extendable for new foes.   
- **`Be the Strongest`** — Earn gold and buy new weapons and armor. Nothing is overpowered — just a bit of luck and skill.  
We removed `Political`. You might have noticed that this game is more about fighting than it is about pleasing a emperor.

---

## ⚙️ Tech Info  

- **Language:** Python 🐍  
- **Type:** Text-based adventure / combat game  
- **Development Status:** Early prototype (course project)  

---

## 🏗️ Current Focus  

We’re currently working on **in-game content** and fine-tuning other existing gameplay features for version **1.0**.  
You can check our progress in the [Upcoming Updates issue](https://github.com/neoostlundzetterberg-svg/Gladiatorerna/issues/1).

---

## 💬 Feedback  

This is a learning project, so any feedback, suggestions, or comments are welcome!  

---

> *Ave, developer! Step into the arena and code your way to victory.*
